added task Calendar table (#1)
mate-academy/js_calendar-table-DOM: README.md

# Calendar table

## Task

Create a function that generates a calendar for a given pair 
(year, month).

Function `calendarTable(year, month, element)`

> `element` - it's a DOM element.

Reviewer: use `is` instead of  `it's`

Reviewer 2: done

> The calendar must be a table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.

Reviewer: I would change the description like this:

Create a function `calendarTable` generating HTML `table` (with `thead` and `tbody`) inside a given`element` for given `year` and `month`

Reviewer 2: done

## Workflow

> - Fork the repository with task

Reviewer: Fork the task repo

Reviewer 2: done

- Clone forked repository 
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<user_name>>/<task_repository>.git
    ```

> - Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

Reviewer: `to install dependencies` is not required here

Reviewer 2: why not?

Reviewer: it is shorter and quite obvious
So no need in extra words

Reviewer 2: done

## Development mode 

- Run `npm run start` to start `http-server` on `http://localhost:8080`
    When you run server the command line window will no longer be available for 
    writing commands until you stop server (`ctrl + c`). All other commands you 
    need to run in new command line window.
- Make sure the code is clean. Run linters (`npm run lint`)
- Follow [the simplified JS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/javascript-standard-modified)
- Follow [HTML, CSS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/htmlcss.html)
- When your solution is complete `Deploy on gh-pages`

## Deploy on gh-pages

- Execute `npm run deploy`. This command will build your project to the 
`/dist` folder and push it to branch `gh-pages` in your remote repository. 
- Add links to your demo in readme.md.
- Commit and push all recent changes
  ```bash
  $ git add .
  $ git commit -m 'commit message'
  $ git push origin master
  ```
- Create `Pull Request` (going forward `PR`) from forked repo `(<branch_name>)
` to original repo 

> (`master`).

Reviewer: You should not split this sentence across multiple lines

Reviewer 2: I don't know how it happened

# Calendar table

## Task

Create a function that generates a calendar for a given pair 
(year, month).

Function `calendarTable(year, month, id)`

> `id ` - it's a DOM element.

Reviewer: ?????
`id` - це `id` а треба `element`

Reviewer 2: замінив `id` на `element`

The calendar must be a table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.

## Workflow

- Fork the repository with task
- Clone forked repository 
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<user_name>>/<task_repository>.git
    ```
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

## Development mode 

- Run `npm run start` to start `http-server` on `http://localhost:8080`
    When you run server the command line window will no longer be available for 
    writing commands until you stop server (`ctrl + c`). All other commands you 
    need to run in new command line window.
- Make sure the code is clean. Run linters (`npm run lint`)
- Follow [the simplified JS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/javascript-standard-modified)
- Follow [HTML, CSS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/htmlcss.html)
- When your solution is complete `Deploy on gh-pages`

## Deploy on gh-pages

- Build the project
  ```bash

>   $ npm run build

Reviewer: так додай це в `predeploy` і їм не доведеться це робити самостійно

Reviewer 2: додав

  ```
- Commit and push all recent changes
  ```bash
  $ git add .
  $ git commit -m 'commit message'

>   $ git push origin master

Reviewer: це не потріюно для деплоя

Reviewer 2: забрав

Reviewer: не бачу змін
`add`, `commit` and `push` are still here

Reviewer 2: В теперішньому варіанті вони роблять `deploy` після додають посилання на gh-page в `readme` і пушать код з `src` та `readme` в master.

До цього вони два рази пушили код - перед deploy і після.

Reviewer: Але це не має бути в розділі про Deploy

Reviewer 2: Зробив новий розділ і додав це туди

> Template to start from before starting frontend projects.

Reviewer 3: This line is not needed anymore, right?

Reviewer 2: removed

## Task

> You need to create a function that generates calendar for a given pair 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create a function that generates a calendar for a given pair 
```

Reviewer 2: done

(year, month).
The calendar must be a table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.

Function `calendarTable(year, month)`

## Workflow

- Fork the repository with task
- Clone forked repository 
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<user_name>>/<task_repository>.git
    ```
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

> - Then `Develop`

Reviewer 3: Agree with @danmysak that this line is not super informative.

Reviewer 2: removed

## Development mode 

- Run `npm run start` to start `http-server` on `http://localhost:8080`
    When you run server the command line window will no longer be available for 
    writing commands until you stop server (`ctrl + c`). All other commands you 
    need to run in new command line window.
- Make sure the code is clean. Run linters (`npm run lint`)
- Follow [the simplified JS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/javascript-standard-modified)
- Follow [HTML, CSS styleguide](https://mate-academy.github.io/style-guides/htmlcss.html)

> - When you finished `Deploy on gh-pages`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When your solution is complete `Deploy on gh-pages`
```

Reviewer 2: changed

## Deploy on gh-pages

- Build the project
  ```bash
  $ npm run build
  ```
- Commit and push all recent changes
  ```bash
  $ git add .
  $ git commit -m 'commit message'

>   $ git push origin branch-name

Reviewer 3: so we are pushing to master now, right?

Reviewer 2: yes, changed

  ```
- Execute `npm run deploy`. This command will push the `/dist` folder to branch
  `gh-pages` in your remote repository. 
- Add links to your demo in readme.md

> - Create `Pull Request` from forked repo `(<branch_name>)` to original repo 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Create `Pull Request` (going forward `PR`)  from forked repo `(<branch_name>)` to original repo 
```

Reviewer 2: changed

Template to start from before starting frontend projects.

## Task

> You need to create function that will be generate calendar for given pair 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You need to create a function that generates calendar for a given pair 
```

Reviewer 2: done

(year, month).

> Calendar must be table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The calendar must be a table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Calendar must be table with `thead` and `tbody`, where day it's `TD`.

Reviewer 3: maybe inline screenshot here?

Reviewer 2: I think it's not necessary. If they don't know what is this, they will find it in google

Function `calendarTable(year, month)`

## Workflow

- Fork the repository with task
- Clone forked repository 
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<user_name>>/<task_repository>.git
    ```
- Create separate branch for the solution. Name of the branch should be the same 
as name of your channel in slack. 
    ```bash

>     git checkout -b fs_on_apr19_sasha

Reviewer 3: btw, why do we ask this? Can they change their master and create pull request into our master?

Reviewer 2: yes they can

    ```
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

> - Then `Develope`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Then `Develop`
```

Reviewer 2: misprint

[About BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/)  

Server uses `dist/` as a project root.

### Demo link

> Add link here: `[Demo link](https://<your_account>.github.io/<repo_name>/)`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add link here: `[DEMO LINK](https://<your_account>.github.io/<repo_name>/)`
```

Reviewer 2: changed
